[ABC-440] Hair tab for importer editor (#574)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.formats.alembic: com.unity.formats.alembic/CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.4.0-pre.1] - 2023-11-07
### Added

> - The Alembic Importer window now has a Hair tab to generate a Hair asset from an Alembic file containing curves.

Author: changelog

> - The Alembic Importer window now has a Hair tab to generate a Hair asset from an Alembic file containing curves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New "Hair" tab in the Alembic Importer window to generate a Hair asset from an Alembic file containing curves (subject to Hair package installation).
```
